---
layout: post
title: Bandit
---
## Level 0

**Note: I will be writing down my inputs that lead to useful information.**

The goal of this level is for you to log into the game using SSH. The host to which you need to connect is bandit.labs.overthewire.org, on port 2220. The username is bandit0 and the password is bandit0. Once logged in, go to the Level 1 page to find out how to beat Level 1.

Commands: 
```shell
ssh bandit0@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220
bandit0
```

## Level 0 -> Level 1

**Note: In the future, I will always be starting with ssh and logging into the current bandit level, and I won't write it down to be less redundant.**

The password for the next level is stored in a file called readme located in the home directory. Use this password to log into bandit1 using SSH. Whenever you find a password for a level, use SSH (on port 2220) to log into that level and continue the game.

Commands: 
```shell
ls
cat readme
```

Found out the the password is ZjLjTmM6FvvyRnrb2rfNWOZOTa6ip5If.

```shell
ssh bandit1@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220
ZjLjTmM6FvvyRnrb2rfNWOZOTa6ip5If
```

## Level 1 -> Level 2

The password for the next level is stored in a file called - located in the home directory

Commands: 
```shell
ls
pwd
cat ./-
```
password = 263JGJPfgU6LtdEvgfWU1XP5yac29mFx


## Level 2 -> Level 3

The password for the next level is stored in a file called spaces in this filename located in the home directory

Commands: 
```shell
ls
less "spaces in this filename"
```
password = MNk8KNH3Usiio41PRUEoDFPqfxLPlSmx

## Level 3 -> Level 4

The password for the next level is stored in a hidden file in the inhere directory.

Commands: 
```shell
ls
cd inhere
ls -a
less "...Hiding-From-You"
```
password = 2WmrDFRmJIq3IPxneAaMGhap0pFhF3NJ

## Level 4 -> Level 5

The password for the next level is stored in the only human-readable file in the inhere directory. Tip: if your terminal is messed up, try the “reset” command.

Commands: 
```shell
ls
cd inhere
less ./-file00
less ./-file01
less ./-file02
less ./-file03
less ./-file04
less ./-file05
less ./-file06
less ./-file07
```
password = 4oQYVPkxZOOEOO5pTW81FB8j8lxXGUQw

## Level 5 -> Level 6

The password for the next level is stored in a file somewhere under the inhere directory and has all of the following properties:

  human-readable
  1033 bytes in size
  not executable

Commands: 
```shell
ls
cd inhere
ls -a
ls -l
du -a -b
cd maybehere07
ls -a
cat .file2
```
password = HWasnPhtq9AVKe0dmk45nxy20cvUa6EG
