---
layout: post
title: Lockout
---
## Locked out

First, we realized that Corey had changed one of the passwords on a groupmates' computer. We started by panicing, with no hope of solving this problem on our own. To start, we decided that we needed to find the target computer's IP address. To do that, we noted the IP addresses of our two working computers, and ran nmap. Despite this, we still hadn't done much research looking at nmap, so our commands did not help, nor were they efficient. We began to limit our search by trying to determine our subnet mask, finding that it was /22. 
Eventually, Evan found a working command that determined what IP addresses responded, using command "nmap -v -sn 255.255.252.0/24 10.0.140.0/22". Using the less command, we were able to sort through the active IP address, finding 9-11 IP addresses. The results varied slightly as people logged into the local network with their computers. Eventually, we listed our potential suspects and eventually determined which IPs belonged to the Raspberry Pis. I asked other students what the IP addresses of their logged in computers were, so we could limit the suspects to 4 computers. To determine the IP of the unknown machines, I powered the unknown machines off one at a time, resulting in being able to determine which IP address went offline by running nmap again. Ours was 10.0.140.7.
Corey had told us he would give a hint if all teams made it into his folder, so using process of deducation, we determined the IP address of Corey's Raspberry Pi, being 10.0.140.3. Because we already knew his login credentials (username cseh-o and password security0), we used ssh to login to his computer remotely. He eventually told us to use the program Hydra.
We spent time looking for ways to download Hydra, and eventually found the command "sudo apt-get install hydra-gtk". This installed Hydra, and we used online resources and the manual to learn how to use it. During that, Corey offered another hint, explaining that the file "rockyou.txt" was on his computer. Using the "sudo find / -name rockyou.txt" command, we located the text file of the most common passwords. Using that file, we ran hydra against the user cseh-9 on the target computer's IP address using ssh. The command looked like "Hydra -l cseh-9 -P rockyou.txt 10.0.140.7 ssh -t 4", and found that the password to cseh-9 was "123456". Morgan could then log into the Raspberry Pi, and referenced the manual for the passwd command, eventually finding that to change the password, the command "sudo passwd cseh-9" was to be ran. We put in the current computer password, and Morgan finally changed the password back to "security9".
